1. Write a MongoDB query to display all the documents in the collection restaurants.


2. Write a MongoDB query to display the fields restaurant_id, name, borough and cuisine for all the documents in the collection restaurant.

3. Write a MongoDB query to display the fields restaurant_id, name, borough and cuisine, but exclude the field _id for all the documents in the collection restaurant.


4. Write a MongoDB query to display the fields restaurant_id, name, borough and zip code, but exclude the field _id for all the documents in the collection restaurant.

5. Write a MongoDB query to display all the restaurant which is in the borough Bronx.

6. Write a MongoDB query to display the first 5 restaurant which is in the borough Bronx.


7.Write a MongoDB query to display the next 5 restaurants after skipping first 5 which are in the borough Bronx.


8. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurants who achieved a score more than 90.


9. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurants that achieved a score, more than 80 but less than 100.

10. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurants which locate in latitude value less than -95.754168.


11. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurants that do not prepare any cuisine of 'American' and their grade score more than 70 and latitude less than -65.754168.


12. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurants which do not prepare any cuisine of 'American' and achieved a score more than 70 and located in the longitude less than -65.754168.
Note : Do this query without using $and operator.

13. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurants which do not prepare any cuisine of 'American' and achieved a grade point 'A' not belongs to the borough Brooklyn. The document must be displayed according to the cuisine in descending order.


14. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurant Id, name, borough and cuisine for those restaurants which contain 'Wil' as first three letters for its name.

15. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurant Id, name, borough and cuisine for those restaurants which contain 'ces' as last three letters for its name.


16. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurant Id, name, borough and cuisine for those restaurants which contain 'Reg' as three letters somewhere in its name.


17. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurants which belong to the borough Bronx and prepared either American or Chinese dish.


18. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurant Id, name, borough and cuisine for those restaurants which belong to the borough Staten Island or Queens or Bronxor Brooklyn.


19. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurant Id, name, borough and cuisine for those restaurants which are not belonging to the borough Staten Island or Queens or Bronxor Brooklyn.


20. Write a MongoDB query to find the restaurant Id, name, borough and cuisine for those restaurants which achieved a score which is not more than 10.

